Alpha - subject to change(defrecord name [fields*]  options* specs*)Currently there are no options.Each spec consists of a protocol or interface name followed by zeroor more method bodies:protocol-or-interface-or-Object(methodName [args*] body)*Dynamically generates compiled bytecode for class with the givenname, in a package with the same name as the current namespace, thegiven fields, and, optionally, methods for protocols and/orinterfaces.The class will have the (immutable) fields named byfields, which can have type hints. Protocols/interfaces and methodsare optional. The only methods that can be supplied are thosedeclared in the protocols/interfaces.  Note that method bodies arenot closures, the local environment includes only the named fields,and those fields can be accessed directy.Method definitions take the form:(methodname [args*] body)The argument and return types can be hinted on the arg andmethodname symbols. If not supplied, they will be inferred, so typehints should be reserved for disambiguation.Methods should be supplied for all methods of the desiredprotocol(s) and interface(s). You can also define overrides formethods of Object. Note that a parameter must be supplied tocorrespond to the target object ('this' in Java parlance). Thusmethods for interfaces will take one more argument than do theinterface declarations. Note also that recur calls to the methodhead should *not* pass the target object, it will be suppliedautomatically and can not be substituted.In the method bodies, the (unqualified) name can be used to name theclass (for calls to new, instance? etc).The class will have implementations of several (clojure.lang)interfaces generated automatically: IObj (metadata support) andIPersistentMap, and all of their superinterfaces.In addition, defrecord will define type-and-value-based =,and will defined Java .hashCode and .equals consistent with thecontract for java.util.Map.When AOT compiling, generates compiled bytecode for a class with thegiven name (a symbol), prepends the current ns as the package, andwrites the .class file to the *compile-path* directory.Two constructors will be defined, one taking the designated fieldsfollowed by a metadata map (nil for none) and an extension fieldmap (nil for none), and one taking only the fields (using nil formeta and extension fields). Note that the field names __metaand __extmap are currently reserved and should not be used whendefining your own records.Given (defrecord TypeName ...), two factory functions will bedefined: ->TypeName, taking positional parameters for the fields,and map->TypeName, taking a map of keywords to field values.