Loads libs, skipping any that are already loaded. Each argument iseither a libspec that identifies a lib, a prefix list that identifiesmultiple libs whose names share a common prefix, or a flag that modifieshow all the identified libs are loaded. Use :require in the ns macroin preference to calling this directly.LibsA 'lib' is a named set of resources in classpath whose contents define alibrary of Clojure code. Lib names are symbols and each lib is associatedwith a Clojure namespace and a Java package that share its name. A lib'sname also locates its root directory within classpath using Java'spackage name to classpath-relative path mapping. All resources in a libshould be contained in the directory structure under its root directory.All definitions a lib makes should be in its associated namespace.'require loads a lib by loading its root resource. The root resource pathis derived from the lib name in the following manner:Consider a lib named by the symbol 'x.y.z; it has the root directory<classpath>/x/y/, and its root resource is <classpath>/x/y/z.clj. The rootresource should contain code to create the lib's namespace (usually by usingthe ns macro) and load any additional lib resources.LibspecsA libspec is a lib name or a vector containing a lib name followed byoptions expressed as sequential keywords and arguments.Recognized options::as takes a symbol as its argument and makes that symbol an alias to thelib's namespace in the current namespace.:refer takes a list of symbols to refer from the namespace or the :allkeyword to bring in all public vars.Prefix ListsIt's common for Clojure code to depend on several libs whose names havethe same prefix. When specifying libs, prefix lists can be used to reducerepetition. A prefix list contains the shared prefix followed by libspecswith the shared prefix removed from the lib names. After removing theprefix, the names that remain must not contain any periods.FlagsA flag is a keyword.Recognized flags: :reload, :reload-all, :verbose:reload forces loading of all the identified libs even if they arealready loaded:reload-all implies :reload and also forces loading of all libs that theidentified libs directly or indirectly load via require or use:verbose triggers printing information about each load, alias, and referExample:The following would load the libraries clojure.zip and clojure.setabbreviated as 's'.(require '(clojure zip [set :as s]))