When compiling, generates compiled bytecode for a class with thegiven package-qualified :name (which, as all names in theseparameters, can be a string or symbol), and writes the .class fileto the *compile-path* directory.  When not compiling, doesnothing. The gen-class construct contains no implementation, as theimplementation will be dynamically sought by the generated class infunctions in an implementing Clojure namespace. Given a generatedclass org.mydomain.MyClass with a method named mymethod, gen-classwill generate an implementation that looks for a function named by (str prefix mymethod) (default prefix: "-") in aClojure namespace specified by :impl-ns(defaults to the current namespace). All inherited methods,generated methods, and init and main functions (see :methods, :init,and :main below) will be found similarly prefixed. By default, thestatic initializer for the generated class will attempt to load theClojure support code for the class as a resource from the classpath,e.g. in the example case, ``org/mydomain/MyClass__init.class``. Thisbehavior can be controlled by :load-impl-nsNote that methods with a maximum of 18 parameters are supported.In all subsequent sections taking types, the primitive types can bereferred to by their Java names (int, float etc), and classes in thejava.lang package can be used without a package qualifier. All otherclasses must be fully qualified.Options should be a set of key/value pairs, all except for :name are optional::name anameThe package-qualified name of the class to be generated:extends aclassSpecifies the superclass, the non-private methods of which will beoverridden by the class. If not provided, defaults to Object.:implements [interface ...]One or more interfaces, the methods of which will be implemented by the class.:init nameIf supplied, names a function that will be called with the argumentsto the constructor. Must return [ [superclass-constructor-args] state] If not supplied, the constructor args are passed directly tothe superclass constructor and the state will be nil:constructors {[param-types] [super-param-types], ...}By default, constructors are created for the generated class whichmatch the signature(s) of the constructors for the superclass. Thisparameter may be used to explicitly specify constructors, each entryproviding a mapping from a constructor signature to a superclassconstructor signature. When you supply this, you must supply an :initspecifier. :post-init nameIf supplied, names a function that will be called with the object asthe first argument, followed by the arguments to the constructor.It will be called every time an object of this class is created,immediately after all the inherited constructors have completed.It's return value is ignored.:methods [ [name [param-types] return-type], ...]The generated class automatically defines all of the non-privatemethods of its superclasses/interfaces. This parameter can be usedto specify the signatures of additional methods of the generatedclass. Static methods can be specified with ^{:static true} in thesignature's metadata. Do not repeat superclass/interface signatureshere.:main booleanIf supplied and true, a static public main function will be generated. It willpass each string of the String[] argument as a separate argument toa function called (str prefix main).:factory nameIf supplied, a (set of) public static factory function(s) will becreated with the given name, and the same signature(s) as theconstructor(s).:state nameIf supplied, a public final instance field with the given name will becreated. You must supply an :init function in order to provide avalue for the state. Note that, though final, the state can be a refor agent, supporting the creation of Java objects with transactionalor asynchronous mutation semantics.:exposes {protected-field-name {:get name :set name}, ...}Since the implementations of the methods of the generated classoccur in Clojure functions, they have no access to the inheritedprotected fields of the superclass. This parameter can be used togenerate public getter/setter methods exposing the protected field(s)for use in the implementation.:exposes-methods {super-method-name exposed-name, ...}It is sometimes necessary to call the superclass' implementation of anoverridden method.  Those methods may be exposed and referred in the new method implementation by a local name.:prefix stringDefault: "-" Methods called e.g. Foo will be looked up in vars calledprefixFoo in the implementing ns.:impl-ns nameDefault: the name of the current ns. Implementations of methods will be looked up in this namespace.:load-impl-ns booleanDefault: true. Causes the static initializer for the generated classto reference the load code for the implementing namespace. Should betrue when implementing-ns is the default, false if you intend toload the code via some other method.